Stabilize. Okay, here.
Where's the portable X-ray?
Check, charge, or cash?
Cash and, uh... make it out
to Jack's Demolition, Tucson.
788.30.
Okay.
Now "Your Money,"
sponsored by KFWB business editor Jim...
Oh, God.
Hey. Taking me to breakfast?
I can't. I'm meeting Bosko.
Hey, Vincent.
Mom, where are my barrettes?
- Hi, sweetie.
- I saw them on the kitchen table.
- They're not there. I already checked.
- Want me to make coffee?
- No school today?
- My dad's picking me up.
He's taking me to the new building
and then to lunch.
Try under the cushions on the sofa.
He's already a half an hour late.
He gonna show, or that son of a bitch
gonna stand her up like last time?
- I'll make coffee.
- I'm out of time, baby.
Mom, where are my barrettes?
They're not on the couch.
- Oh, wear the blue ones.
- I don't want to wear the blue ones.
- They don't match.
- Did you check in your bathroom?
I checked everywhere.
Well, what do you want me to do?
Find them! Mom, pay attention!
- All right, sweetie. All right. What?
- Daddy's going to be here!
- Well, okay. He's going to be...
- I'm not gonna be ready!
I can't be late.
- You won't be late.
- No, I will be late!
Okay, listen, before Daddy comes,
we can find them if we look together.
It's all right, baby. It's all right.
It's all right. It's all right.
We'll find them together, you and me.
We'll find them together. Just relax.
He won't come before we find them.
I promise you.
Hey, give me another refill.
What's your name?
Waingro.
You're Michael, huh?
Do you guys always work together?
All the time.
Real tight crew, huh?
Real tight.
Yeah, if this works good,
I'd consider going again, you know.
Yeah. Stop talking, okay, Slick?
How's he doing?
100%. Right on schedule.
Made a right on Venice Boulevard.
We're a mile and a half from you.
Okay.
102.7 KIIS FM!
Just crossed over the number-one lane.
- 300 yards from you now.
- Get set.
I am.
Here we go.
211! 211! We're being held up!
211 alarm. Armored car.
There's the call. Three minutes.
Clear!
Eighty seconds left!
Get back. Get back! Get back!
Hey, Slick, you see that shit
coming out of their ears?
They can't fucking hear you. Cool it.
I got it. I got it.
Yeah, don't fuck with me.
You want to fuck with me?
Come on! What the fuck are you doing?
- What did you do? Let's go!
- That guy was making a move.
Dumb motherfucker!
- Step out here please, sir.
- I heard them.
A million six.
Forty cents on the dollar,
640,000 to you.
150 front money.
Get you the rest two, three days.
Know who owned these?
"Malibu Equity and Investments."
Roger Van Zant.
Owns banks in the Caymans.
Runs investment portfolios for
offshore drug money, stuff like that.
- So?
- So, you ripped off his bearer bonds.
He's got insurance.
That's the point.
He collects 100% from the insurance.
He's a player. Maybe he buys his bonds
back from us for 60% of their value,
make 40% on top of the 100%.
Sell it back to him instead of
going through the street,
- that's an extra 320,000 to you.
- Try it on him.
- Kelso called.
- About what?
A score he's putting out
he wants you to look at.
Why do I need his score for?
I got my own.
Says it's clean and low eight figures.
9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
What happened out there?
Don't ask.
- Find the ambulance?
- Dumped it four blocks from here.
22nd Street between Figueroa and Flower.
They torched it.
Burned everything...
The guns, clothes, everything.
They were airborne.
They taped the last few seconds of the
black-and-whites doing demolition derby.
Stolen out of Fresno two weeks ago.
The yellow pickup truck out of Whittier
day before yesterday.
You taking this one, Lieutenant?
Or does it stay in division?
This look like gangbangers
working the local 7-Eleven to you?
Robbery-Homicide's taking it, yeah.
- All yours.
- We got three motorists.
All they saw were men with masks.
They were distant.
Console TV man over there,
however, he was closer.
He ID anybody?
Well, he was hiding.
He heard it, mostly.
Okay, what about them?
All right, now, according to TV man,
this guy started mouthing off.
Smart.
- Yeah, somebody called a guard "Slick."
- Slick?
Yeah. Now this guy... I figure this guy
went for that holdout piece,
ankle holster, right?
From here, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
This side.
This guy here got what appears to be
a double-tap entry wound to the sternum.
Tattooing around the head wound,
scorched bone, close range.
Probably executed.
And it was a million six in bearer bonds.
And they ignored the loose cash.
'Cause they had no time,
'cause they were on a clock,
which means they knew
our response time to a 211,
had our air, immobilized it, entered,
escaped in under three minutes.
It's a good spot here.
We got good escape routes.
Two freeways within a quarter of a mile.
Traffic video camera?
Probably disabled. Check it anyway.
You recognize the MO?
MO is that they're good.
Once it escalated into a murder 1-B
for all of them,
after they killed the first two guards,
they didn't hesitate.
Popped guard number three,
because what difference does it make?
Why leave a living witness?
Drop of a hat,
these guys will rock and roll.
The shaped charge.
The shaped charge indicates
that they are technically proficient.
Proficient enough to go in on the prowl.
Let's start looking for recent high-line
burglaries that have mystified us.
Run "Slick" as an alias to the FBI.
You're gonna get the phone book.
Do it anyway.
Who's moving the bearer bonds?
Check the usual fences. You and I
will check Cuzomano and Torena.
I want you to take Goldstein and Alfaro.
Hang in with forensics. From
the bomb squad, I want the explosive.
If we're lucky, it's exotic.
We can trace the sale.
Get your hand out of
that man's pocket, Rachel.
Hello, Vincent.
Y'all want some pie?
Got to go to the john.
Look, I had to get it on, man.
He was making a move.
I had to get it on.
Damn it! God...
Split's in the car.
I took out of ours evenly
to make up for his full end,
because I want to pay off and get rid
of this motherfucker right now.
Hold it!
Hey.
- Where's the rest?
- We're late.
You look too good to go out.
I could just jump you right here.
- Where is it?
- Squared the bookies, baby.
There's more in a couple days, so don't
sweat it. Come on. We really are late.
Yeah? Come on. You gotta be kidding me.
Honey, it ain't worth
the risks you take for 8,000.
Like in risk versus reward, baby.
Let's go. Get your coat.
There is no point talking to you because
all you are is a child growing older.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means we're not making
forward progress
like real, grown-up adults
living our lives.
Because I'm married
to a gambling junkie who won't listen.
Charlene, get in the fucking car.
What am I doing
in this rat-bastard situation?
You're not. What do you want from me?
Leave the bankbook and the car keys
in the kitchen on your way out the door.
- Now, are we going or...
- You can keep that other crap,
but Dominick would go with me.
Don't you even think about...
Yeah. Tell me Albert Torena called back.
- Albert Torena call Vincent?
- No.
No. Report came in.
The explosive was Dy-Ex, a linear-shaped
charge used in demolition.
You can pick it up with a driver's
license in Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico.
Too common to trace the sale, Vincent.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Are you all right?
What happened? Where have you been?
Work.
Lauren's dad show up?
Didn't call. Didn't show.
We waited for you till 10:30.
Now, does this guy have any idea
what's going on with his kid?
I don't know.
Fucking jerk.
Well, is she okay?
She's been in her room all day,
so no, she's not okay.
Neither am I.
Uh, I made dinner for us four hours ago.
Um, every time I try to maintain
a consistent mood between us,
you withdraw.
I got three dead bodies on a sidewalk
off Venice Boulevard, Justine.
I'm sorry if the goddamn chicken
got... overcooked.
Seven men in Denmark
were key defendants here.
- Find it?
- Not yet.
- Here it is.
- Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.
- It's by author.
- Over here.
- Interior Design?
- It's on the back wall.
- Coffee, sir?
- Please.
Will you pass the cream?
- Thanks.
- What did you get?
What?
What are you reading?
Book about metals.
Stress Fractures In Titanium.
What kind of work you do?
Lady, why are you so interested
in what I read or what I do?
I've seen you in the store
from time to time.
What store?
Hennessey and Ingalls. I work there.
Uh, if you don't want to talk to me,
it's okay. Sorry I bothered you.
I didn't mean to be rude.
I didn't recognize you.
I work in metals. I'm a salesman.
My name's Neil.
I'm Eady.
You like working there?
Sure.
I get a discount, and there's
a whole section of books in my area.
What area's that?
Graphic design.
I do, um, letterheads
and logotypes at night,
and the store's a day job
till I get enough going.
Who do you do that for?
Uh, a restaurant.
I did their menus and, um,
a small, uh, record label.
CDs.
I've done two so far.
Did you go to school for that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I went to Parsons.
- Oh, where's that?
- New York City.
And how long you been out here?
About a year.
Do you like it?
Not really.
I'm mostly here for the work.
Live in this neighborhood?
Ah, no.
I live kind of above Sunset Plaza.
It's actually kind of a...
It's a little house that I rent,
and it's kind of rundown,
but a beautiful, beautiful view.
What about you?
I live up here.
That's very funny.
So where's your family from originally?
Oh, they're Scots-Irish.
They, um... They emigrated
to Appalachia in the late 1700s.
Where are you from?
The Bay Area.
Are your folks there?
No. My mother died a long time ago.
And my father, I don't know where he is.
Got a brother somewhere.
You have a tight family. I can tell.
- Yeah.
- Right?
You're right.
City of Lights.
In Fiji, they have these iridescent algae
that come out once a year in the water.
That's what it looks like out there.
You been there?
No. I'm going there someday.
Oh, yeah?
You travel a lot?
Yeah.
Traveling makes you lonely?
I'm... I'm alone. I am not lonely.
You?
Real lonely.
Albert!
- Shit.
- Albert.
Vincent, man, what are you doing
coming here for? You crazy?
This ain't Disneyland, man.
You were supposed to get back to me last
night, Albert. Where the fuck you been?
- I couldn't break free, Vincent.
- Let's violate his ass right now.
I do for you. You don't do for me.
Is that it?
Vincent, man, I swear,
I was out all night, man.
I'm hitting like one of them
flamenco matador guys.
What's flamenco?
That's got nothing to do with me.
I was cutting it real smooth.
I'm generating leads and shit for you.
I'm a dancer, man. You know?
Bullshit. I paged your ass all day.
I can't stand fucking paging.
You're a speed freak,
jacking methamphetamine again.
Oh, man, where's your empathy, brother?
It's a substance-abuse problem.
Empathy was yesterday. Today,
you're wasting my motherfucking time.
- Vincent, man, look...
- Did you fall in love?
Come on.
Did you fall in love last night?
- And you went off somewhere?
- Vincent.
Just tell me that. I'll settle for it.
You know what I mean? I'll buy that.
V-Vincent.
- Give me all you got!
- Vincent...
Give me all you got!
I swear, man, my brother...
My brother Richard is gonna talk to you.
I heard Richard?
- He gonna talk to you.
- Richard? Richard?
He's gonna meet you, man, I swear.
Tonight!
He's not here, is he?
- No. He gonna meet you tonight.
- Tonight? What happened to right now?
I-I-I implored him because I knew
you was coming this a.m.
- This is a bunch of bullshit.
- No, I swear. He said no.
- Because he in Phoenix.
- Ah.
Listen, I swear, man,
tonight's the best...
Tonight's the best I can do for you, man.
You know? He'll meet... He'll meet you
at BJ's on Alvarado at 2:00 a.m.
- Be there.
- You be there, too.
Vincent, I can't be there, man.
I got things to do, Vince.
- I got things to do. I got places to be.
- Hey, hey, hey.
Be there.
Don't waste my motherfucking time!
What is it?
It's a bank.
It depots cash on Thursday for
distribution to all the other branches
to cover Friday payroll checks.
So, on Thursdays,
the command branch has got a full whack.
- On the prowl or strong?
- Strong. Through the front door.
How many guys?
Eh, four. Three plus the driver.
You walk in,
you knock them over, you walk out.
And you want 100,000 in advance
- against a 10% cut for that?
- Uh-huh.
Sounds like an address to a cowboy score.
They hit the holdup alarms, I gotta get
out before the cops show. What is that?
They have three holdup alarm systems.
Two telco and a cellular.
See, but the signals
aren't going anywhere because...
See, the night before, you cut in
and trick out the alarm system computer
to turn itself
and the video recorders off
20 minutes before you walk in the door.
Architectural,
electrical engineering plans?
I got all that. I got schematics.
I got the boards already built.
They go straight into the CPU.
What's the estimate?
12.1, 12.2 million.
You're on.
Congratulations.
And to give you a little idea
of where my estimates come from,
this is a printout...
Nobody knew the merch was yours.
Be that as it may, my way,
you get 100% from the insurance company,
and take the bonds back from us
at 60 cents on the dollar
and make yourself another 40%.
Your operation doesn't skip a beat.
Everybody makes out.
Sure. You got a deal.
Good, because there's no percentage
if everyone gets their underwear
in a twist over this.
Yeah. So you have your man call me,
and we'll set the meet.
Yeah, okay.
Nice talking to you.
You gonna deal with these guys?
So word's out on the street
it's okay to steal my stuff.
I'm gonna kill the sons of bitches.
Have Harry bring me the spreadsheets
for Canary Islands' offshore.
As I was saying, that's not really
an estimate. Those are exact figures.
I have the printout here of the cash
flow of the bank the past two months.
How do you get this information?
It just comes to you.
This stuff just flies through the air.
They send this information out. It's
beamed out all over the fucking place.
All you have to do is know how
to grab it. See, I know how to grab it.
Um, okay, here we go.
13.9 million.
- I bought it.
- Good. What did I tell you?
Here.
We're on.
Call Van Zant. Collect the money.
How is he?
He's a businessman.
Okay.
Avocado.
"A-cah-do."
- Hello.
- Yeah, hello.
Chris is at my place.
What's wrong?
Husband and wife stuff.
I'll let him sleep it off here.
What happened to you?
- When you gonna get some furniture?
- When I get around to it.
Charlene's gonna leave me.
Why?
Not enough steaks in the freezer.
With everything we've been doing?
Vegas, the Super Bowl cleaned me out.
- When you gonna get an old lady?
- When I get around to it.
You got something else on the side?
Nothing regular.
She got something else on the side?
- No.
- You sure?
Yeah, I'm sure.
I don't know what you're doing.
Remember Jimmy McElwain
on the yard used to say,
"You want to be making moves
on the street,
have no attachments.
Allow nothing to be in your life you
cannot walk out on in 30 seconds flat,
if you spot the heat around the corner."
You remember that?
For me, the sun rises and sets
with her, man.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
Today, we take delivery
of cash from Van Zant.
Then I drop a deposit on Kelso
for this bank.
Bank? What bank?
What about the platinum thing?
It's ready to fall.
That goes, too. Then the bank.
- Want some breakfast?
- Yeah.
Are you okay?
Yeah, sugar.
Yeah. For real.
- Okay.
- Going to do good.
I'll see you later.
You Solenko? I'm Don Breedan.
Grierson, my parole officer,
told me to come by here,
said you had a job for me.
So you're familiar
with this kind of operation, huh?
- Yeah, man. I'm a great grill man.
- Good. Good for you.
Here, you'll mop out the toilets,
hit the dishwasher, bus tables,
and empty the garbage too.
Give me a hard time, I'll report you.
Loaded, drunk, or stealing,
and I will violate you back so fast,
your head will spin.
Twenty-five percent
of your take-home kicks back to me.
Rules of the game.
Call Grierson. Check it out.
Change in the back.
Well, what are you waiting for?
Malibu Equity and Investments.
- Yeah. Roger Van Zant.
- Please hold.
Yeah, this is Roger Van Zant.
I'm supposed to collect something?
Give me your number
and somebody will call you right back
from a different line.
818-133-6089.
- Yeah.
- I got a package for you.
There's a drive-in on Centinela.
2:30 tomorrow.
Okay, just send one man alone.
- Who was that guy?
- Nobody.
Who the... Who...
- Who was that guy?
- He's nobody.
I gotta know who he is. Who is he?
- He's nobody, Neil.
- Listen, you...
He's a legit liquor wholesaler
from Las Vegas, Alan Marciano.
- Chris gonna straighten it up with you.
- It's too late! I'm sick of it!
Shut up!
Here's the deal.
You will give Chris one last shot.
After that, he fucks up, then I will
finance setting you up myself
on my own, anywhere you want.
Dominick will go with you.
And my word counts.
But right now,
you will give him the chance.
Clean up. Go home.
Give me all your money.
One day you gonna get smoked
with that shit.
Ain't gonna be you, fool.
He's coming in alone. Send him through.
Yeah, got it.
Vincent! Hey, man!
Hey! Vincent.
Hey, Vincent, this is my brother
Richard. Richard, Vincent.
- Richard.
- Yeah. It's all right.
What do you got for me?
Before we even get into that,
there's this crew ripping rides
all along the beach areas.
All right? Now, the back
of a trim shop on Irvine,
if somebody was to pay
a little visit this weekend,
they might find two Turbos
and a 911 slope.
You're looking to rid yourself
of your competition.
Yeah? I'm a good citizen.
I'm Donald Duck.
So, you got something to tell me or what?
Check this out, coz.
How do I know, if I tell you
what you need to know,
you're gonna do what the fuck
I need to get done?
Richard, man, Hanna's straight up.
We do business all the time.
I ain't your coz, you rat motherfucker.
And you know because I say so,
after I hear what the fuck
you got to tell me!
Look here, man,
you understand what I'm saying?
I could get killed
for telling you this shit.
You can get killed walking your doggy!
All right, man.
There's this cat
I was locked up with in Folsom.
Did a couple... two, three years.
He got out, and I ran into him.
And so?
He's a big fiend for action.
Now if he'd have said nothing,
I'd have thought nothing.
But he goes on and on,
running down to me
how he ain't been doing nothing
and nothing's been going on
and all this other bullshit.
So right then and there, I know
this cat's got something going down.
Pretty fucking great.
Albert, what's wrong with you?
You drag me here,
waste my time like this.
You saw a guy on the street
who's an ex-con?
- That's right.
- Well, I am over-fucking-whelmed.
What do you want for that,
a Junior G-Man badge?
You gonna make the call
on them Porsches or what?
Is he kidding me?
Hey, I'm telling you, man. This Slick
is no motherfucking joke, man.
You know what I'm saying?
He's double time...
Say what? Say what?
You said "Slick." What does that mean?
Slick. That's what
he calls people. "Slick."
And tell me about him.
About six feet tall.
A lot of jailhouse tats.
Got a big-ass peacock right here.
What's his name?
Cheritto.
Michael Cheritto.
Thirty-three busts since 1976,
11 for armed robbery, three convictions.
Two out of
a three-to-five-year beef in Attica.
Three years in Marion.
Five years in Folsom off a knock-back
to involuntary manslaughter.
- Jacket's two inches thick.
- Okay, who do I have there now?
Drucker and me, boss, and Schwartz.
Tell SIS I want full surveillance.
That's 24 hours,
round-the-clock, day and night,
we never close, open seven days a week.
Bug the car, the house, the works.
When he moves or sits,
like in a restaurant,
I want pictures
of who he moves and sits with.
Then you guys run makes on them.
They got jackets, I want to see
who they move and sit with.
I want it up and running
by tomorrow night.
- Put your hands where I can see 'em.
- What?
- All right.
I tell you what to do.
I tell you how to do it.
Now, with your right hand only...
Your right hand only...
Take the package and throw it in here.
Fuck. Behind you on the right.
Yeah. Roger Van Zant.
Yeah. Who's this?
You know who this is.
Yes, I do. Yes, I do.
I sent a guy to deliver the package.
He didn't call. Is everything all right?
I'll tell you what. Forget the money.
What?
Forget the money.
Well, it's a lot of money.
Wh-What are you doing?
What do you mean, forget the money?
What am I doing?
I'm talking to an empty telephone.
I don't understand.
Because there is a dead man
on the other end of this fucking line.
Oh, Michael.
Do you like it?
Wow.
Did you know about this?
You are insane.
- You like it?
- It is beautiful.
- Yeah, it's beautiful.
- Just don't ask him where he got it.
- Yeah, that's right.
- That's what I had thought.
What do you want to be
when you grow up, honey?
I don't know.
She doesn't know. Just like me.
I don't know either.
Hello.
Hi. It's me.
Hey. I was wondering if you'd call.
I've been busy. Can I see you?
I was afraid that was just
the one night, you know?
No, not for me it wasn't.
Yeah, me neither.
Can I fall by?
Yeah.
Okay, I'll see you in a little bit.
Goddamn convention.
- Which one's Slick?
- The wide one.
We got two transmitters.
One's in the wheel well.
Backup's in the fire wall.
- Oh, here we are.
- Did you say good night to Neil?
The one with the blond hair
is Chris Shiherlis.
SIS has got a revolving tail
and hung a wire on the house phone.
Cheritto has cruised the precious metals
depository three times.
Platinum, silver, and some bullion.
Sammy and I think that's going
to be their next score.
Who's the loner?
First time we're seeing him.
We're not on him yet.
Well, get on it.
Okay.
When these guys walk out the door
of whatever score
they're gonna take next,
they're gonna have
the surprise of a lifetime.
Hey, baby, time to go.
Showed you a good time, didn't I?
Oh, yeah.
You fly. You cool.
You're lying to me.
I can always tell when people lie to me.
Hon, I ain't lying.
You a hot dog,
a regular rodeo rider,
and this was the monster fuck
of my young life.
Now I got to get my ass
street-side, sugar.
You don't have a truth-telling style.
What are you talking about?
You don't know what this is.
The Grim Reaper's visiting with you.
So where you been?
SHU at Pelican Bay and Folsom B-wing.
I am a cowboy,
looking for anything heavy.
Billy Ricketts said come see you.
That is why I am here.
Why don't you...
Why don't you call this guy?
This guy's always putting guys on.
Thank you, brother.
What's so funny?
It's really dumb.
You smell pretty.
You two are perfect for each other.
How did you meet?
I knew this guy in grade school.
His name was Raul...
Whatever. Anyway,
the guy could take his fingers, right,
and fold them over, one over the other,
and then he'd turn his eyelids
inside out.
I can't keep my hands off you,
and that's the truth.
That's what's so wonderful about you,
in that bestial sort of way.
Woman.
Oh.
This better be earth-shattering.
To Raul.
- Raul.
- To Raul.
Yeah. Vincent Hanna.
Here's how we found her.
How old?
Sixteen, seventeen.
Been here about six hours.
How'd she die, Rachel?
Beat her head in, same as the others.
Cerebral hematoma.
Who did this?
Who's that?
- Mother and siblings, I guess.
- What the hell they doing here?
Because it's fucked up. Somebody inside
knew the girl and called the family.
Okay, let's go.
Nice.
When I run a DNA check on the semen,
my intuition says
it's coming up the same guy,
so it's a series,
and ending up in your court.
Sheriff's Homicide getting
anywhere on theirs?
Not yet.
- Get her.
- Get off me. Get off of me!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Oh, my God!
- Hold it, hold it.
Oh, my God!
- Where is she?
- Easy, easy, easy.
Okay. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
Who did this?
Where's my baby? Where is she?
I need to know what happened.
I guess the earth shattered.
So why didn't you let Bosko
take you home?
I didn't want to ruin their night, too.
What was it?
You don't want to know.
I'd like to know what's behind
that grim look on your face.
I don't do that. You know it.
Let's go. Come on.
You never told me I'd be excluded.
I told you when we hooked up, baby,
that you were gonna have to share me
with all the bad people
and all the ugly events on this planet.
And I bought into that sharing
because I love you.
I love you fat, bald,
money, no money, driving a bus.
I don't care.
But you have got to be present
like a normal guy some of the time.
That's sharing.
This is not sharing. This is leftovers.
I see. What I should do is
come home and say,
"Hi, honey. Guess what."
I walked into this house today
where this junkie asshole
just fried his baby in a microwave
because it was crying too loud,
so let me share that with you.
Come on. Let's share that.
And in sharing it, we'll somehow, uh,
"cathartically dispel
all that heinous shit."
Right?
Wrong. You know why?
Because you prefer the normal routine.
We fuck, then you lose
the power of speech.
Because I gotta hold on to my angst.
I preserve it, because I need it.
It keeps me sharp, on the edge,
where I gotta be.
You don't live with me.
You live among the remains
of dead people.
You read the terrain.
You search for signs of passing,
for the scent of your prey,
and then you hunt them down.
That's the only thing
you're committed to.
The rest is the mess you leave
as you pass through.
What I don't understand
is why I can't cut loose of you.
Hey, it's Lilly.
Let's go, baby.
I met the manager. Is that the boss?
Did time for what
that motherfucker does every day.
Baby, can you just handle it
till we find you something new?
Can you do that?
Ain't a hard time been invented
that I cannot handle.
What you hanging with me for, Lilly?
Because I'm proud of you.
- You're proud of me?
- Mm-hmm.
What the hell you proud of me for?
Come on home.
What were you doing there?
I was skiing. I was trying to ski.
That's what people do there.
You go skiing, and you, um...
you meet people.
You try to have a good time.
- Did you have a good time?
- No.
Why not?
I'm not good at meeting people.
You met me.
Well, that happened
without my thinking about it,
which is why, probably.
No. It's because you are fine.
Eady...
Take off with me for a while.
Where?
New Zealand.
When?
I have to go separate.
You could meet me there.
But my job, my...
I got money. You don't need money.
You could set up a studio, do work there.
- I don't know.
- What's there to know?
Are you married?
- What?
- You come and go.
The last thing I am is married.
I'm a needle starting at zero,
going the other way, a double blank.
Then all of a sudden
someone like you comes along.
- You don't know me, Neil.
- I know enough.
Come with me.
What's wrong, baby?
Nothing's wrong.
Everything's right. Will you go?
Yeah.
Good.
- Hey, sweetie.
- Hi.
What happened?
You forget your mom was picking you up?
No.
So, what's going on?
I felt like being alone.
Okay, come on. I'll drive you home.
- Hey, Mike.
- Hi, Lauren.
What's happening?
Lieutenant, sir.
Captain Jackson wants
to know what's going on.
Nothing's going on. Stay off the air.
Technique.
Open sesame. Right there.
There.
- We walk.
- I'm right there.
We walk now! Come on.
He's heard it. He's heard it.
Heads up.
- One's coming out.
- Just hold it, Captain.
Vincent, he's not carrying anything.
Yeah, I see.
- Here we go.
- Not till my boss says so.
Vincent, both of them
are not carrying anything.
- Okay, let them go.
- What do you mean?
- We can take them!
- What? On what?
What are you going to take them on?
Breaking and entering?
They didn't steal anything yet.
Don't you get it?
It gets knocked back
to some chickenshit misdemeanor.
They do six months, and they're out.
No fucking way.
I'm not taking the heat from my bosses
'cause you let them go.
- They're not walking.
- That's exactly what they're gonna do.
They're gonna walk.
This is my operation.
I have tactical command
that supersedes your rank.
They will walk away,
and you will let them.
Fuck!
Back to work.
LAPD. Gee, what?
Where the fuck did this heat come from?
Maybe it's the score they were on to.
The place, not us.
'Cause it's been hit a couple of times,
you know, something?
Assume they got our phones.
Assume they got our houses.
Assume they got us
right here, right now as we sit.
Everything. Assume it all.
How are we gonna buy
the bank package from Kelso?
I'll front that. That's not a problem.
What the hell happens
to Van Zant and our 750?
Van Zant. Listen, with the heat we got,
you wanna play World War I I
in the streets with Van Zant?
No, I want my 750. What, he gets a pass?
I got more motivation to whack Van Zant
than either of you.
He is a fucking luxury.
Our problem is take the bank
or split right now.
Do not go home, do not pack, nothing.
Thirty seconds flat from now,
we are gone on our separate ways.
That's it. Chris.
The bank is worth the risk.
I need it, brother.
We should stay and take it down.
That's where I come out.
I roll with you, Neil.
Whatever. Whatever.
Not on this one, Michael.
On this one, you're on your own.
You figure this is the best thing to do?
- This is the best thing to do?
- I got plans. I'm going away after this.
So for me, the reward
is maybe worth the stretch.
But Elaine takes good care of you,
you got plenty put away,
you got T-bonds, real estate.
If I were you, I would be smart.
I would cut loose of this.
Well, you know, for me,
the action is the juice.
I'm in.
- You too?
- Yeah, sure.
Let's go.
Fuck 'em! Let's do it.
All right, let's go.
We got a lot of work to do.
- You can't go in there.
- Watch this.
- Excuse me. Hey, wait.
- Uh, Tim, I gotta call you back.
- You have to have an appointment!
- May I help you?
- Are you Alan Marciano?
- Yeah. And who the fuck are you?
Who am I?
- Hey! Hey!
- Lieutenant Vincent Hanna, LAPD.
LA? This is Las Vegas.
You don't even have jurisdiction here!
Hey, hey. I don't know who the fuck
you guys think you're pushing around.
But I know people here, okay?
Las Vegas PD takes you into custody.
You are extradited to Newark
on a New Jersey warrant
for smuggling cigarettes
up from North Carolina three years ago,
or you go to work for us.
Cut and dried. That is it.
Oh, shit.
Charlene Shiherlis.
Who?
"Who? Who?" What are you, a fucking owl?
The lady you've been talking dirty to
on the telephone every day the last week.
Yeah, all right. You know what?
You can't tie me to her.
Well, who needs to? Because your ass is
on a plane back to New Jersey, jag-off.
Oh, man, I just...
Why'd I get mixed up with that bitch?
'Cause she got a... great ass!
And you've got your head
all the way up it!
Jesus.
When I think of asses,
a woman's ass,
something comes out of me.
- So?
- So, no big thing.
All I want is her husband
and his whole fucking crew.
Now, you're gonna work
with Sergeant Drucker here.
- San Clemente Road and Hermosa.
- Uh-huh.
That's where we cut through the fence.
That's the access.
Right. The security systems
around here are a joke.
St. Vincent Thomas Bridge.
That's escape route number one.
Number two, over here.
Anaheim to the 110.
Good.
- Okay?
- Yeah, that's nice.
Got it? Good. Let's go.
They were looking back
in this direction.
A container facility?
What? Cartage theft?
Too visible. Too lowball for them.
Next door's an oil refinery.
Over there's a scrapyard.
Refinery only pays by check.
No cash around.
Same for the scrapyard.
Maybe they're stealing hubcaps.
A refinery and a scrapyard.
- What the hell is going on?
- That's what we're trying to figure out.
We thought we had it.
Thought we had it.
I got an idea
of what they were looking at.
- Wanna know what they're looking at?
- What?
I mean, is this guy something
or is he something?
This crew is good.
You know what they're looking at?
What?
Us.
The LAPD. The police department.
We just got made.
Yeah!
Okay.
Okay, motherfucker!
Kelso come through?
Yeah.
You can build a bank with these.
The name is Hanna. First name, Vincent.
I smeared this sergeant
in Vice five yards.
Hanna's all over you.
He's on all the work cars.
Michael's house, Shiherlis.
Not yours.
They've been losing you at night.
Hanna's a hot dog.
Graduate school, Marine Corps.
Lieutenant in Robbery-Homicide,
Major Crime Unit.
He's taken down some heavy crews.
Blew away Frankie Yonder in Chicago,
and he was a fucking maniac.
He was working Narcotics before that.
Had some problems. Divorced twice.
Current wife's Justine.
He's why the extra heat.
The Vice sergeant
says Hanna likes you.
Thinks you're some kind of star.
You do this sharp, you do that sharp.
Look how sharp this guy is
to figure that.
Funny as a heart attack, man.
Three marriages.
What the fuck do you think that means?
He likes staying home?
It means the man is
one of those guys out there,
prowling around all night, dedicated.
With this guy, this much heat,
you should pass.
It's worth the stretch.
This guy can hit or miss.
You can't miss once.
You sure?
I am sure.
Let's go to the garage.
Justine!
Where are we going?
- Okay, where are you going?
- Out.
What are they on?
Tac 9.
They're northbound out LAX on the 405.
We got four ground units and air.
This is Vincent Hanna in Air 18.
Who have I got?
Hey, Vincent, it's J.J. I'm in Air 40.
Richie Glover's with me.
It's on the 105 eastbound,
approaching the 110 interchange.
You running a revolving tail?
Yeah. I got two units in front,
three behind.
Have one of them pick me up
at the Vermont on-ramp.
Let's go.
Am I a hundred yards, or what?
Am I close or far or what?
300 yards, center lane.
How you doing?
What do you say
I buy you a cup of coffee?
Yeah, sure. Let's go.
Follow me.
Seven years in Folsom.
In the hole for three.
McNeil before that.
McNeil as tough as they say?
You looking to become a penologist?
You looking to go back?
I've chased down some crews' guys just
looking to fuck up, get busted back.
That you?
You must have worked some dipshit crews.
I worked all kinds.
You see me doing thrill-seeker
liquor store holdups
with a "born to lose" tattoo on my chest?
- No, I do not.
- Right.
I am never going back.
Then don't take down scores.
I do what I do best. I take scores.
You do what you do best...
Tryin' to stop guys like me.
So you never wanted a regular-type life?
What the fuck is that?
Barbecues and ball games?
Yeah.
This regular-type life, that your life?
My life? No. My life...
No, my life's a disaster zone.
I got a stepdaughter so fucked up
because her real father's
this large-type asshole.
I got a wife.
We're passing each other on
the downslope of a marriage... my third.
Because I spend all my time
chasing guys like you around the block.
That's my life.
Guy told me one time...
don't let yourself
get attached to anything
you are not willing to walk out on
in 30 seconds flat
if you feel the heat around the corner.
Now, if you're on me
and you gotta move when I move,
how do you expect to keep a marriage?
Well, that's an interesting point.
What are you, a monk?
I have a woman.
What do you tell her?
I tell her I'm a salesman.
So then, if you spot me
coming around that corner,
you're just gonna walk out on this woman?
Not say goodbye?
That's the discipline.
That's pretty vacant, no?
Yeah, it is what it is.
It's that, or we both
better go do something else, pal.
I don't know how to do anything else.
Neither do I.
I don't much want to either.
You know, I have
this, uh, recurring dream.
I'm sitting at this big banquet table,
and all the victims of all the murders
I ever worked are sitting at this table,
and they're staring at me
with these black eyeballs
because they got eight-ball hemorrhages
from the head wounds.
And there they are,
these big balloon people,
because I found them two weeks
after they'd been under the bed.
The neighbors reported the smell.
And there they are,
all of them, just sitting there.
What do they say?
Nothing.
- No talk?
- No. Just...
They don't have anything to say.
See, we just look at each other.
They look at me, and that's it.
That's the dream.
I have one where I'm drowning,
and I gotta wake myself up and
start breathing or I'll die in my sleep.
You know what that's about?
Yeah. Having enough time.
Enough time...
to do what you want to do?
That's right.
You doing it now?
No. Not yet.
You know, we're sitting here...
You and I
are like a couple of regular fellas.
You do what you do.
I do what I gotta do.
And now that we've been face-to-face...
if I'm there and I gotta put you away,
I won't like it.
But I'll tell you...
if it's between you and some poor bastard
whose wife you're gonna
turn into a widow,
brother, you are going down.
There's a flip side to that coin.
What if you do got me boxed in,
and I gotta put you down?
Because no matter what,
you will not get in my way.
We've been face-to-face, yeah.
But I will not hesitate,
not for a second.
Maybe that's the way it'll be.
Or, who knows?
Well, maybe we'll never
see each other again.
They dumped us.
What?
- What do you mean, they dumped us?
- Chris slipped his tail.
He doesn't talk about
their scores with Charlene,
so there's nothing for me
to get from Marciano... I just tried.
- What about Cheritto?
- Same.
Transponders got put
on a bus to San Clemente.
They dumped all our surveillance?
Yeah. At the same time... 9:00 p.m.
I had coffee with McCauley
half an hour ago!
- We were on you.
- Then McCauley drives into LAX,
where surveillance can't fly over
because of flight paths.
His car's still there. He's gone.
Does anybody have any idea
where the fuck these people are?
You hear from him yet?
Not a thing,
and not hearing bothers me more.
Where is this guy?
This guy here. We put him on.
Says he knows McCauley.
Who are you?
Waingro. My name's Waingro.
I've been living in this office
day and night.
How well do you know him?
Oh, we took some major scores together.
- How come I haven't heard from him?
- Well, he's probably busy right now.
But he's real thorough.
He ain't gonna forget about you.
Oh, that's reassuring.
Well, I got some moves I could make here.
Probably be a big help to you.
You recognize the grill man?
- No.
- Folsom.
D block. Housed with Dobie Rush.
- I ain't got my break yet, man.
- Cisco and Pancho didn't show.
Haul out the garbage. Mop up the back.
Take your break later.
Piece of shit.
Pick up!
Where the hell is he?
I wanna check the slot for a work car.
So did I.
Yeah?
Hang on.
Hey. Use the landline.
Call me at 103-7206.
All right.
Where are you?
There's cops all over me, man.
They're on me like a cheap suit.
I can't dump 'em.
They hip to the fact you spotted them?
No. No, they're doing parallels.
- I can try to dump 'em again.
- How are we gonna know if you did?
If you didn't, you'll draw them to us.
Head for Ventura. Pull them out of here.
All right. Hey, I'm sorry, man.
Last thing I wanted to do
is let you down.
Pick up.
Hey! Neil, man. What up?
- What's up, brother?
- What you doing here?
What I'm doing is
I am looking for a driver
who can handle the scanners
and a radio, right now, today.
You remember the drill?
Yeah, man. Sure.
You cool?
Oh, man, now, you know I'm cool.
One answer. Yes or no. Right now.
Yeah, man. Fuck, yeah. You're on.
Out back in five.
What's burning?
What's burning? Que quema?
What is this?
Where do you think you're going?
And it will not stop
or answer radio communications.
The 184th vessel is called
Jihn Yin Number One,
and it's suspected of smuggling
Chinese illegal aliens.
It was spotted Saturday
by patrolling aircraft.
- One minute, please.
- Sure.
- Stay down!
- Don't move! Don't fucking move!
Put your hands in the air!
Put 'em up! Down! Down!
- Get on your knees.
- The keys.
Get on your knees! Get on your knees!
Hey! Hey! Get over there!
Get the fuck... Get down!
Turn around!
Put your hands behind you! Behind you!
Get down! Stay down!
Get down! Get down!
Get down, you stupid son of a...
- Down! Down! Down!
- The keys! The keys!
Come on. Stay down.
We want to hurt no one. We're here
for the bank's money, not your money.
Your money is insured by the government.
You're not gonna lose a dime.
Think of your families.
Don't risk your life.
Don't try and be a hero.
Right now I want you to sit on the floor
and put your hands on your head.
Anybody feels sick,
anybody got heart trouble,
go ahead and lean against the wall.
Give me the key.
What... What key?
Get down and stay down!
Sit there. Sit there.
Don't move. Let it bleed.
Get down!
Hey! Hey!
Put your heads down!
- Don't look at me again. I'll kill you.
- Get down. Down.
Put your heads down, God...
Get down. Get down.
- Hey, Casals!
- Yeah?
You guys working a case
on a Neil McCauley?
This CI, Hugh Benny, called in about
a bank they're looking at or something.
Vincent!
Far East National Bank, 11:30!
I want a block at Figueroa and Fifth,
and I want a block
northbound Flower at Sixth.
They're already coming out.
Okay, we're gonna have to
take them in the car.
Wait till they are all in.
Get clean shots. Watch your background.
- Police! Move!
- What's going on?
Move. Move. Get down.
Move, move. LAPD, get down.
Move. Down, down, down.
We did it, huh, Neil? Huh?
Move!
Get down.
Fuck! Fuck!
Start the car!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Son of a bitch! Go! Go!
Go!
Come on! Come on!
Get him out of here!
Get down!
Shit!
Out of the way! Down! Out of the way!
Get them down now! Now!
Out of the way! Out of the way!
Out of the way!
Mommy?
Come here.
Come on, honey.
I got you.
It's okay.
Tragedy in a Southland
neighborhood today.
A bank robbery spilled out
into the street.
Claudia Newman live on the scene.
She has the latest. Claudia?
This afternoon,
this neighborhood was terrorized
by a bank holdup gone wrong.
With the streets full
of midday shoppers and kids,
police and armed robbers traded...
Excuse me. Um, bartender?
In a minute, lady.
Robbery, pursuit, and finally, death.
A Los Angeles neighborhood
is shaken today
by a bank robbery that ended
in homicide and terror.
One suspect, Michael Cheritto,
is one of four men involved
in the foiled bank robbery...
What can I get you, miss?
Also fatally wounded, another suspect,
Donald Breedan, who died...
Miss?
Of multiple gunshot wounds
during the extensive gunfire
between police and suspects.
All right, hold him. Hold him.
- It's all right.
All right.
- So?
- He's got blood loss and shock.
I'm gonna give you quarter-gram vials
of morphine for the pain, okay?
Subcutaneous injections.
Bottom line.
It's mostly tissue damage, which is good.
But his clavicle's fractured.
Can he rest for a while?
Six, seven hours.
- That's it?
- That's it.
- Take off your shirt.
- What?
Take off your shirt.
My... Look, my daughter
gave it to me as a Father's Day...
I don't give a shit who gave it to you.
Take it off.
Chris. Hey.
Chris, listen to me.
Nate's gonna pick you up.
He's gonna take you to his place.
- Where's Charlene?
- We gotta get out of here.
We're all over the six o'clock news.
We gotta get out of here.
I'm not going without her.
Think about that.
I will meet you at Nate's.
Where are you going?
I gotta find out if our out got spilled
along with every other damn thing.
Who did it?
Who wasn't there?
Trejo.
I'll see you at Nate's.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. You still want me?
You come down here right now,
and you get Dominick and me. Okay?
Okay, baby. Okay.
I'll be there in two hours.
- All right? Okay?
- All right.
Goddamn you, Chris. Goddamn you.
You're on a plane for Los Angeles.
Right.
Why'd you do it? What happened?
- They made me.
- Who?
Where's Anna?
She's dead.
So is Michael and Breedan,
the guy who stood in for you.
Who did it? Who did it?
They had Anna, man.
Who had her? Who?
Waingro.
Waingro? On his own?
- For someone.
- Who?
The... The other he worked for.
Van... Zant.
- Van Zant?
- Yeah.
Van Zant.
Are you sure?
Did you say anything
about how we're getting out?
I don't think so, Neil.
Come on.
I don't remember, Neil.
- I'll call a medic.
- I'm not gonna make it.
I can't feel nothing.
My Anna's gone.
She's gone.
Don't leave me like this, Neil.
Please, homes.
Don't leave me like this.
- Yeah.
- Nate.
You on a cellular? Use a hard line.
It's a new one.
The guy lives on Hillside Terrace,
Encino, 10725.
10725. Okay, Chris?
He's with me, my place.
Next, Waingro. Okay?
You got the time?
I'll make time.
And I need a new out laid on.
How do you know it's blown?
How can I trust it?
Okay, you got it.
Stay healthy.
Charlene Shiherlis.
Drucker's got a safe house
in Venice to stash her in.
On Neil's transportation,
when we're done here, get on the phone.
Somewhere, someone's trying
to put it together for him.
You don't believe McCauley
already had a getaway laid on?
Sure, he did. Now he needs another one.
Would you trust yours
after this afternoon?
This rat motherfucker,
where did we get him?
He's a CI for a burglary cop.
Called in the tip on the bank.
On Neil McCauley, how much time we got?
Eight, ten hours
for him to set up a new out.
After that, he's gone. Bye-bye. Bam!
You ratted McCauley to us.
How'd you know? Who told you?
Who told you, you rat motherfucker?
Who?
Conley back in for Murphy.
Now Murphy with Leggett
right there with him.
Murphy tees it up, now behind the net...
Waingro. Where is he?
- Where is he?
- How the hell would I know?
I know.
Well, what do we have here, huh?
Isn't this pretty? Isn't this pretty?
Oh, you slimy piece of shit.
You told me you wanted out
from under, right?
You're scared to death, right?
You want out? This is out, Charlene.
Yeah? What's your end?
I don't need no stupid broad.
- How'd I get into this?
- Hey, hey, hey, easy. Huh?
You heard me. She had a rough ride.
Fix her a drink or something.
Look in the cabinet above the sink.
Fuck her.
You better get in there
and stay in there.
Well, lookee here.
My name is Sergeant Drucker,
LAPD Homicide.
You want to put Dominick in the bedroom?
He stays with me.
There we go.
So, what now?
Well, he's right.
Because you want out, this is out.
You believe you have to betray Chris?
No shit.
That's right. You would have to.
See, if you don't betray Chris,
you victimize Dominick.
Because he becomes an orphan
when you go to prison as an accessory.
'Cause you've got
no living parents to take him,
so he ends up state-raised
in foster homes, juvenile facilities.
Then he steals a car.
Then he winds up in gladiator academies
like Chino and Tracy.
Fucked for life.
You know what happens,
because you've been there.
Dominick didn't get a chance yet
to choose his life, but Chris did.
If you give up Chris, you get off clean.
You can do it for your kid,
so you can raise him.
- What else are you selling?
- All kinds of shit.
But I don't have to sell this,
and you know it,
'cause this kind of shit here
sells itself.
- Danny, here's an update.
- Hey, Schwartz, Drucker's on line two.
Lieutenant, hold on for a second.
Lieutenant, I have Sergeant Drucker
on the other line.
All right, conference him in.
- Go ahead.
- Vincent, it's me.
One answer. What's it gonna be?
We're set here. She'll make the call.
Okay, that's good. Here's the deal here.
Hugh Benny has reformed his wayward life
and become a born-again good citizen.
Apparently, Neil got sold out to us
by this cowboy named Waingro.
Waingro used to be a part of Neil's crew.
Then he went to work
for a money launderer named Van Zant.
Units are at Van Zant's house as we speak
because he got shot dead earlier tonight.
Now, if Neil goes after anybody else,
it's gonna be Waingro.
Waingro just got himself
a suite at the airport Marquis
under the name Jamieson.
He's there now.
I want you to get that
to bail bondsmen, bookies,
assignment officers
and snitches in county,
anyone you can think of
who will put it on the street.
Deploy a team down at the hotel
and personally check
their comms every 30 minutes,
because maybe Neil will go for him.
Okay? How you feeling?
Banged up, but I'll live.
Okay.
He's here.
Neil is still here.
I can feel it.
But for how long?
Seven, eight hours max.
What did you do? That was you?
It's what I don't do.
I don't sell metal.
Would have been okay, you fly out after.
Now it's jammed. We gotta go together.
Those... Those other people were with you?
My friend Michael.
He knew the risks.
He didn't have to be there.
When it rains, you get wet.
Get packed. Let's go.
Eady!
Why did you do this to me?
It's gonna be all right.
Do you understand that, baby?
All right?
There's a Camaro at this address.
Level D, slot 18.
Here's some cash.
When's it over?
Twenty-two hours from now.
Then we get out of here clean.
When will you let me leave?
Go now. You want out? There's the door.
Will you let me leave later?
It will be different.
Do you even understand?
It's ready.
Vincent.
This is my friend Ralph.
Y-You didn't tell me you were...
Oh, my God.
Where's Lauren?
She's at Elizabeth's.
Look, this has nothing to do with me.
- I didn't know. I'm terribly sorry.
- What are you sorry about? Sit down.
Don't you even get angry?
I'm angry. Yeah. I'm very angry, Ralph.
You know, you can ball my wife
if she wants you to.
You can lounge around here on her sofa
in her ex-husband's dead-tech,
post-modernistic, bullshit house
if you want to.
But you do not get to watch
my fucking television set!
For God's sake.
Put the television set down.
I never cheated on you, bitch.
- Well, maybe you should have.
- I should have?
In a way, you're a party to this.
Oh, yeah, I made Ralph fuck you
because it makes me feel good.
Our situation is absurd.
- Uh, look, maybe I should...
- Shut up! Ralph, sit down!
Why is it I have to figure things out
and explain them to you? What do you do?
I say what I mean, and I do what I say.
- Mmm. How admirable.
- You bet.
- Except none of it's about us.
- No.
I may be stoned on grass and Prozac,
but you've been walking
through our life dead.
And now I have to demean myself
with Ralph just to get closure with you.
Passports, traveler's checks, plastic.
The plane... charter terminal,
LAX, Hangar 17.
Call letters are 10-11 -Sierra.
Touches down,
holds for you five minutes, then splits.
The plane will stand an FAA check.
Filed flight plan, the works.
- And where's Chris?
- He's gone.
What?
Said he's going on his own.
Went to look for Charlene.
- Didn't you bring him here?
- Yeah, I brought him here.
What happened?
It's a free country, brother.
Check in with me at 9:00,
if everything's still cool.
All right.
I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.
I know life is short.
Whatever time you get is luck.
You want to walk?
You walk right now,
or on your own
on your own, you choose to come with me.
All I know is...
All I know is, there's no point
in me going anywhere anymore,
if it's gonna be alone
without you.
Eady.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, Vincent, I got a live one.
Okay, I'll hold.
Come on, sugar. Show yourself.
- Yeah. Do it.
- Shut up!
Now, just one second at the window,
and it's all over.
Pick it up, pick it up!
Watch it! Watch it right there!
Take it, take it!
Pick it up! Pick it up!
Hey, man.
Yeah?
You know any, uh,
place to rent around here?
Yeah.
Alberiz's Grocer on Dell Avenue
got cards on the wall.
It's not him. It's not Chris.
Unit two, this is command.
Take him at the street. Check him out.
10-4.
- Sergeant?
- Yeah.
This guy is John Peterson.
Valid ID.
The car's registered to the last name
Bukowski, first name Gene.
Ran it to DMV. It's clean.
Let him go.
Roger.
Thank you very much.
Have a good evening.
It's a no-go, Vince.
Would you like a cup of coffee
while we wait, Mrs. Shiherlis?
Yeah. That'd be nice.
Yeah?
Yeah, what do you got?
Nothing's happening.
- Yeah.
- Hello. It's Vincent.
What do you got?
Nothing's going on.
Waingro went for ice. That's it.
You know what?
Neil is gone.
Bang! Flying like a bird.
Come on, Vincent. How do you know?
- We still got bait! Maybe some time...
- Got. Got. What do we got?
What do we got?
Bon voyage, motherfucker.
You were good.
I'm going to the hotel.
I'm gonna take a shower.
Gonna sleep for a month.
Here.
Come on, baby.
Okay, okay, quick.
Shit. Why have you done this?
Where the fuck are my...
Okay, here.
Assholes.
Shoot themselves all fucking day.
Not you, baby. Not you!
W-W-Where would she be?
I mean, her name is Lauren.
Lauren Gustafson.
She's supposed to be here
with the police.
Help me. I-I-I need somebody to...
I got ya.
I got you, baby.
You'll be all right. I swear.
It's okay, baby.
Let's get a doctor!
Let's go! A doctor here!
- There's your mama. Your mama's here.
- Let's just calm down.
- Is she on any drugs?
- No.
I want you to get a trauma surgeon
down here and a vascular surgeon.
I think she cut both arteries.
Also, I could hardly feel a pulse.
Her pressure's way down.
So is her respiration.
- You're gonna have to intubate her.
- It's ready.
When's the last time anybody saw her?
I don't know.
- Where did you find her?
- Bathtub.
Call respiratory, stat.
Give her large-bore,
normal saline, wide-open.
Let's keep pressure on those bleeders.
I need two units Oh-negative now.
Let's type and cross her for six.
Where is respiratory?
We need some more help.
Can you have respiratory come down now?
Have X-ray ready
for a post-intubation chest X-ray.
Hi. Your daughter's out of surgery, and
she's in the recovery room now, okay?
Her vital signs are stable.
The surgeon will be out to speak to you
and let you know what's going on.
She's okay?
- She's doing good.
- She's gonna be okay.
She's gonna be okay, honey.
She's gonna be okay. It's all right.
Oh, my baby.
Why did she do this to herself? Why?
Look what she did.
Look what she did to herself.
It's all right, honey.
It's gonna be all right.
I'm here. I ain't going anywhere.
- You understand?
- Yeah.
I ain't going anywhere.
Yeah.
It's me.
Plane's in the air now.
You're right on time.
On the driver's end,
I still can't find nobody,
so that's in the trust.
One other thing.
You asked, so I gotta tell you.
The guy you wanted checked into
the Hotel Marquis under Jamieson,
if you still give a shit,
which I figured you wouldn't.
You figured right.
So, so long, brother.
You take it easy.
You're home free.
Take it easy.
What is it?
Nothing. Home free.
I gotta take care of something.
Is there time?
There's time.
I'll be right back.
Just leave it running.
- Registration.
- Yeah. This is room service.
A Jamieson ordered a BLT,
and they screwed up his room number.
Could you give it to me, please?
- They're always doing that.
- Yeah, I know.
- 1735.
- Thank you.
Your attention, please.
We are currently
experiencing a fire alarm.
Please do not panic.
Please do not take the elevators.
- Please take the nearest stairwell...
- Shit.
- Waingro's not moving. I'm staying here.
- I'm checking the stairs.
- If there's smoke, I'm pulling you out.
- Your attention, please...
What about her dad?
You want me to call him?
He's somewhere in the Sierras.
Oh.
And she chose you.
She picked your place.
It's not right what happened to her.
No, it's not.
Oh, okay.
Is there any way that...
it could work out between us?
I wish I could say yes, you know.
But in the end...
You know, it's like you said.
All I am is what I'm going after.
I'm not what you want, Justine.
Well, go on, if you have to.
No. I'll stay.
No. I'm okay. I can... I can handle this.
Just be careful.
Call me here. Let me know you're okay.
Okay?
Yeah.
Security. There's a fire on three.
We have to evacuate all floors.
I can't leave here.
Why don't we just talk about this a bit,
huh, brother?
He's here on 17.
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me.
LAPD. Don't move.
Put your hands on your head now!
Switch me to tac five.
Casals? J.J.?
Drucker, J.J.
Vincent, I'm at the lobby level
by the stairwell.
- What do you got?
- Three teams are moving up
the other three elevators,
to the 17th-floor elevators.
All out of commission
because of the fire alarm.
It's a mess... people everywhere.
Fine. 10-4.
Get out of the way.
- Yeah, check the stairwell.
- I got it, sir.
Come on. Let's go.
- Let me have that shotgun.
- Yes, sir.
Told you I'm never going back.
Yeah.